README.md, before:

# Parsing Expression Grammars in Rust

[Documentation](https://docs.rs/peg) | [Release Notes](https://github.com/kevinmehall/rust-peg/releases)

`rust-peg` is a simple yet flexible parser generator based on the [Parsing Expression Grammar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parsing_expression_grammar) formalism. It provides a Rust macro that builds a recursive descent parser from a concise definition of the grammar.

## Features

* Parse input from `&str`, `&[u8]`, `&[T]` or custom types implementing traits
* Customizable reporting of parse errors
* Rules can accept arguments to create reusable rule templates
* Precedence climbing for prefix/postfix/infix expressions
* Helpful `rustc` error messages for errors in the grammar definition or the Rust
  code embedded within it
* Rule-level tracing to debug grammars

## Example

```rust
peg::parser!{
  grammar list_parser() for str {
    rule number() -> u32
      = n:$(['0'..='9']+) { n.parse().unwrap() }
    
    pub rule list() -> Vec<u32>
      = "[" l:number() ** "," "]" { l }
  }
}

pub fn main() {
    assert_eq!(list_parser::list("[1,1,2,3,5,8]"), Ok(vec![1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8]));
}
```

[See the tests for more examples](./tests/run-pass/)  
[Grammar rule syntax reference in rustdoc](https://docs.rs/peg)

## Comparison with similar parser generators

| crate     	| parser type 	| action code 	| integration        	| input type             	| precedence climbing 	| parameterizd rules 	| streaming input 	|
|-----------	|-------------	|-------------	|--------------------	|------------------------	|---------------------	|--------------------	|-----------------	|
| peg       	| PEG         	| in grammar  	| proc macro (block) 	| `&str`, `&[T]`, custom 	| Yes                 	| Yes                	| No              	|
| [pest]    	| PEG         	| external    	| proc macro (file)  	| `&str`                 	| Yes                 	| No                 	| No              	|
| [nom]     	| combinators 	| in source   	| library            	| `&[u8]`, custom        	| No                  	| Yes                	| Yes             	|
| [lalrpop] 	| LR(1)       	| in grammar  	| build script       	| `&str`                 	| No                  	| Yes                	| No              	|

[pest]: https://github.com/pest-parser/pest
[nom]: https://github.com/geal/nom
[lalrpop]: https://github.com/lalrpop/lalrpop

Commit message:

Updated readme to say this is an experimental fork.

README.md, after:

# Parsing Expression Grammars in Rust

[Documentation](https://docs.rs/peg) | [Release Notes](https://github.com/kevinmehall/rust-peg/releases)

`pegtastic` is an experimental fork of `rust-peg`. This fork is not ready for general consumption yet.

`rust-peg` is a simple yet flexible parser generator based on the [Parsing Expression Grammar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parsing_expression_grammar) formalism. It provides a Rust macro that builds a recursive descent parser from a concise definition of the grammar.

## Features

* Parse input from `&str`, `&[u8]`, `&[T]` or custom types implementing traits
* Customizable reporting of parse errors
* Rules can accept arguments to create reusable rule templates
* Precedence climbing for prefix/postfix/infix expressions
* Helpful `rustc` error messages for errors in the grammar definition or the Rust
  code embedded within it
* Rule-level tracing to debug grammars

## Example

```rust
peg::parser!{
  grammar list_parser() for str {
    rule number() -> u32
      = n:$(['0'..='9']+) { n.parse().unwrap() }
    
    pub rule list() -> Vec<u32>
      = "[" l:number() ** "," "]" { l }
  }
}

pub fn main() {
    assert_eq!(list_parser::list("[1,1,2,3,5,8]"), Ok(vec![1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8]));
}
```

[See the tests for more examples](./tests/run-pass/)  
[Grammar rule syntax reference in rustdoc](https://docs.rs/pegtastic)

## Comparison with similar parser generators

| crate     	| parser type 	| action code 	| integration        	| input type             	| precedence climbing 	| parameterizd rules 	| streaming input 	|
|-----------	|-------------	|-------------	|--------------------	|------------------------	|---------------------	|--------------------	|-----------------	|
| peg       	| PEG         	| in grammar  	| proc macro (block) 	| `&str`, `&[T]`, custom 	| Yes                 	| Yes                	| No              	|
| [pest]    	| PEG         	| external    	| proc macro (file)  	| `&str`                 	| Yes                 	| No                 	| No              	|
| [nom]     	| combinators 	| in source   	| library            	| `&[u8]`, custom        	| No                  	| Yes                	| Yes             	|
| [lalrpop] 	| LR(1)       	| in grammar  	| build script       	| `&str`                 	| No                  	| Yes                	| No              	|

[pest]: https://github.com/pest-parser/pest
[nom]: https://github.com/geal/nom
[lalrpop]: https://github.com/lalrpop/lalrpop
